Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-memo
<br>
You are a manager at a call center. The company frowns upon phone calls and texting during work hours. You have looked the other way a few times, but it has started to get out of hand. You need to write a memo reminding everyone that private phone and text message use on company time is viewed as a violation of the company’s code of ethics. Rewrite your earlier Code of Conduct (Assignment 1) utilizing the professor’s feedback on organization, format, tone, and editorial issues. Review the example memo in the textbook before submission. In your document, you should: Ensure the memo is clear and brief. Choose language to match the purpose and tone for the situation and audience. Format the memo accurately and according to the details in the textbook. Create an effective opening that establishes goodwill without obscuring the message. Your assignment must follow these formatting requirements: Be typed, double spaced, using Times New Roman font (size 12), with one-inch margins on all sides; citations and references must follow APA or school-specific format. Check with your professor for any additional instructions. Include a cover page containing the title of the assignment, the student’s name, the professor’s name, the course title, and the date. The cover page and the reference page are not included in the required assignment page length. The specific course learning outcomes associated with this assignment are: Illustrate the relationship between how audience characteristics match the context of technical writing. Revise draft documents to improve audience comprehension. Explain ideas in proper format using accurate details and relevant examples. Employ correct Edited Standard Written English (ESWE). Use technology and information resources to research issues in technical writing. Write clearly and concisely about technical writing using proper writing mechanics.